this channel is not trying to sell you a
t-shirt it's not trying to sell you a
diet book it's not trying to sell you a
lifestyle it's not trying to sell you
tacky plastic handmade jewelry this
channel is not trying to sell you
anything not even at ideology the number
one compliment I get about this channel
is that it's so different from
everything else going on on vegan
YouTube on Buddhist YouTube on talking
about politics YouTube whatever it is
the reason why it's different is because
my motivations are different I could do
the same flattering phony thing everyone
else is doing hey by my workout DVD it's
30 seconds long it says do 200 push-ups
that's the work the only reason why this
YouTube channel exists is that I have a
two-year-old daughter she lives back and
forth between Germany and France if I
get hit by a bus tomorrow if I fall off
a cliff she'll be able to see this video
and know something about the kind of man
I was man who wanted to be her father
want to be a big part of her life a man
who is currently spending thousands and
thousands of dollars on lawyers going
through divorce proceedings all right
that's what's up with me you want a
comment section open so you can promote
your YouTube channel or you can practice
trying to make the snarky remark getting
both positive and negative attention or
whatever it is I ain't playing that game
and I'm not a hypocrite about it nobody
makes comments on my youtube channel and
I don't make comments on anyone else's
youtube channel you've never seen a
single comment for me under anyone elses
video because I do not play that game
all right
you